oh my goodness oh I usually don't film
like in the middle of the night but it's
the middle of the night and there are
crickets everywhere outside I don't know
if you guys can hear them but I'm sorry
if you can because they're so annoying
but it has been a really hard week for
me so I have had such a hard time
sleeping and i've been up since like six
o'clock this morning and it's like in
the middle of the night and i'm still
awake and when makeup is still on from
then with no touch-ups so this is what I
look like in the middle of the night so
anyways I got my Mimi box number 8 the
other day and I was gonna film this
tomorrow but I figured while I'm awake
and everyone is sleeping minus omega
video show you guys so this is the Mimi
box 8 and there are six products in here
man those crickets are so loud okay so
the first thing that I am pulling out is
the max clinic caviar massage oil phone
okay this is really good because my
etude house 1 is running out and I was
just thinking oh my gosh what am I going
to do without it so this is a rich and
nourishing cleanser that is made from
caviar oil it rapidly dissolves dirt and
makeup in a single cleanse it will help
you to deep cleanse your pores and
remove sebum okay I love love my etude
house cleansing oil and I had never used
a cleansing oil before but the cleansing
oils seriously get off all of my like
waterproof everything and I used
waterproof everything because like I
don't do touch-ups throughout the day
and my kids like touch my whole face
this is huge so it's like a pump like I
smell it can't smell anything but this
is huge you can tell it's like thick oil
in there I usually share on Instagram
and Twitter once I've tried things that
I post pictures and stuff so if you're
curious you could always follow me there
ok the next thing is the snow white
cream I hate it when dudes like these
words that I cannot pronounce
niacinamide contained it is whitening
cream for bright skin tone Korean people
love love love whitening cream
it's so funny because I feel like here
especially in California people like
tanned glowy skin in Korea they like
white white skin so people really stay
out of the Sun there the whitening cream
that brightens your skin tone if you
need instant coverage light enough to
allow your skin to breathe this is the
cream for you snow white cream is free
of mineral oils benzophenone and a
little all these other things artificial
pigments after toner apply an adequate
amount of cream evenly over your skin so
are you supposed to use it like tinted
moisturizer does it lighten your skin
permanently and lots of questions about
that and it comes with this like little
spatula kind of smells like Nivea cream
or like palms cream poof I'm assuming
it's just like a cream yeah it doesn't
have any color anything so anyways that
is the snow white cream next thing is
the heart face ultra poor care sleeping
pack it looks like this and it says it
keeps your skin moisturize all night
long additionally it minimizes your
pores and control sebum production while
you're asleep which is good it's so
funny I feel like Korean people also
like almost everything is like sebum
control sebum is the stuff that goes
inside of your pores and clogs it like
you know when you like pinch and get
those like little seeds or squigglies
that's usually sebum I'm pretty sure
that's pretty cool Oh has a very
distinct perfumey smell smell a little
bit old lady I don't know it's kind of
jelly like I'm gonna try this tonight
because I definitely need some poor
control cuz Mama's got some big pores ok
the next thing is this what is this it's
a hair program shampoo oh my goodness in
one of the Mimi boxes there was like a
deep conditioning like hair
mask or something in a purple thing was
like a gold label that staff smelled not
so good so I tried it once and I was
like I cannot use this again because I
could not stand the smell of my hair
it's a foreign one complete shampoo that
is free of sulfate silicone and
synthetic dyes okay this I love tony
moly it's a tony moly b c d asian i
don't know what that means SPF 30 it's
in pink beige okay so this is a BB and
CC foundation that is carefully made
with only the absolute components of BB
and CC creams it will protect your skin
from the Sun it also gives you full
coverage so let's see about that when
things a full coverage I want it to like
full coverage you know I mean see see
how full coverage this sucka is oh it's
pretty covered it's pretty coverage it's
pretty um it's pretty thick although
this color for me is to light because
you can you can see where it is on my
hand feel like I'm getting darker I feel
like most BB cream so when you first put
it on it looks super white and kind of
has like a gray cast but as time goes by
kind of blends better so we'll see about
that and then there is like the exact
same thing and a little sample couch and
this is so funny hahaha funny is this
it's the flower men energy factory moist
boosting sheet mask with hyaluronic acid
and it's as big as size face meaning
devil the pampering that is so funny
okay so this is the mask but you can
actually cut this part out and make a
mask like look you can poke out the eyes
oh my gosh this is so funny
how funny is that okay my kids are going
to like want this I wish there was a way
to take out the mask and it not be able
drippy inside that is so funny Korean
people and their packaging anyways that
is the mini box 8 if you haven't
subscribed to me new box yet it is not a
monthly subscription you buy each box as
they come out and the prices vary
because they have like regular boxes and
super boxes and if you haven't ordered
one yet I do have a discount code and I
will leave all of that linked below and
these crickets are just going nuts and
it is the middle of the night so I
should probably go to sleep but thank
you guys so much for watching I hope you
guys are doing well there's a couple of
videos that i want to make especially
tidbit wise but I feel like it might be
kind of emotional so I've been kind of
thinking about it and toying with
different ideas but please let me know
what kind of videos you guys like the
most I like unboxing things because i
love subscription boxes but a couple of
people instead they wanted more
tutorials then i uploaded tutorial and I
was like I don't know people like that I
don't know if you like more mom stuff
advice stuff just let me know in the
comments below and I will try to do more
of those ones and I will talk to you
guys later bye